add re3 documentation (#1)
minds-ai/ray: doc/source/rllib-algorithms.rst

.. code-block:: python

    config = sac.DEFAULT_CONFIG.copy()
    config["env"] = "Pendulum-v1"
    config["seed"] = 12345
    config["callbacks"] = RE3Callbacks
    config["exploration_config"] = {
    	"type": "RE3",
         # the dimensionality of the observation embedding vectors in latent space.
         "embeds_dim": 128, 
	 "rho": 0.1, # Beta decay factor, used for on-policy algorithm.
         "k_nn": 50, # Number of neighbours to set for K-NN entropy estimation.
         # Configuration for the encoder network, producing embedding vectors from observations.
         # This can be used to configure fcnet- or conv_net setups to properly process any
         # observation space. By default uses the Policy model configuration.
         "encoder_net_config": {
             "fcnet_hiddens": [],
             "fcnet_activation": "relu",
         },

>          "beta": 0.2 # Hyperparameter to choose between exploration and exploitation.

Reviewer: Maybe this explanation can be a bit longer. As in what does 0.2 mean? Is that a chance of 1 in 5 on exploitation?

Author: Beta weights the intrinsic rewards, beta 1 means intrinsic rewards added as it is. `reward = r + beta * intrinsic_rewards`

Author: I have updated the doc string, please check.

Reviewer: Yep, this helps. Thank you

>          # Schedule to use for beta decay, one of constant" or "linear_decay".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         # Schedule to use for beta decay, one of "constant" or "linear_decay".
```

         "beta_schedule": 'constant', 
         # Specify, which exploration sub-type to use (usually, the algo's "default"
         # exploration, e.g. EpsilonGreedy for DQN, StochasticSampling for PG/SAC).
         "sub_exploration": {
             "type": "StochasticSampling",
         }
    }

**Functionality**
RLlib's RE3 is based on `"Random Encoders for Efficient Exploration" described in this paper here <https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.09430.pdf>`__.

> RE3 quantifies exploration based on state entropy. The entropy of a state is calculated based on its distance from K nearest neighbors states present in the replay buffer (we use train batch in this implementation) in the latent space. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RE3 quantifies exploration based on state entropy. The entropy of a state is calculated based on its distance from K nearest neighbors states present in the replay buffer in the latent space (train batch is used in this implementation). 
```

> The entropy of the state is considered as intrinsic rewards and added to the extrinsic rewards for policy optimization when external rewards are available, else used as "intrinsic rewards" for unsupervised pre-training of RL agent. RE3 allows agents to learn in sparse-reward or even no-reward environments by
> considering the state entropy as "intrinsic rewards".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The state entropy is considered as an intrinsic reward and for policy optimization added to the extrinsic reward when available.  If the extrinsic reward is not available then the state entropy is used as "intrinsic reward" for unsupervised pre-training of the RL agent. 
RE3 further allows agents to learn in sparse-reward or even no-reward environments by
using the state entropy as "intrinsic rewards".
```

Please verify if this rewrite matches the original intent.

`[paper] <https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.09430.pdf>`__
`[implementation] <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/utils/exploration/random_encoder.py>`__

Tuned examples:
`LunarLanderContinuous-v2 <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/examples/re3_exploration.py>`__ (use ``--env LunarLanderContinuous-v2`` command line option)
`Test case with Pendulum-v1 example <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/utils/exploration/tests/test_random_encoder.py>`__

**Activating RE3**
The RE3 plugin can be easily activated by specifying it as the Exploration class to-be-used
in the main Trainer config and inheriting the `RE3UpdateCallbacks` as shown in this `example <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/c9c3f0745a9291a4de0872bdfa69e4ffdfac3657/rllib/utils/exploration/tests/test_random_encoder.py#L35>`__. Most of its parameters usually do not have to be specified as the module uses the values from the paper by default. For example:

.. code-block:: python

    config = sac.DEFAULT_CONFIG.copy()
    config["env"] = "Pendulum-v1"
    config["seed"] = 12345
    config["callbacks"] = RE3Callbacks
    config["exploration_config"] = {
    	"type": "RE3",

>          # the dimensionality of the observation embedding vectors in latent space.
>          "embeds_dim": 128, 
> 	 "rho": 0.1, # Beta decay factor, used for on-policy algorithm.
>          "k_nn": 50, # Number of neighbours to set for K-NN entropy estimation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         # the dimensionality of the observation embedding vectors in latent space.
         "embeds_dim": 128, 
         "rho": 0.1, # Beta decay factor, used for on-policy algorithm.
         "k_nn": 50, # Number of neighbours to set for K-NN entropy estimation.
```
Tab/space change

         # Configuration for the encoder network, producing embedding vectors from observations.
         # This can be used to configure fcnet- or conv_net setups to properly process any
         # observation space. By default uses the Policy model configuration.
         "encoder_net_config": {
             "fcnet_hiddens": [],
             "fcnet_activation": "relu",
         },

>          # Hyperparameter to choose between exploration and exploitation. A higher value of beta add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         # Hyperparameter to choose between exploration and exploitation. A higher value of beta adds
```
